Now I will show you how it works
my new
homemade stylus
but differs from the others in that
instead of some kind of gum or something
something like that
as the head itself is used
ordinary piece of cotton moistened with water
and so that the abadane would drip and then
his usual plastic bag
it looks of course very very
impressively
but in principle you can still work on the forms
And the idea in my opinion is very successful
the fact is that you benefit from it
compared to the rest of the stylus
it is literally absolutely not necessary
press to produce some sort of
actions
because if yakub use what
some rubber stylus
the plan comes pretty hard
tap the screen and when you leave and on
screen
it turns out that he clings to the program
interferes with work
same stylus
enough
light touch
so I literally hung here so important
no pressing as well as a finger
the usual
back with it he
100% work
answer television stylus
Well what can we say the principle of m can
well
work on his form come up
some body place in
plastic bag come up
which one
more durable stuff
but it seems to me the idea is very worthwhile
enter as much as he said
very much
but it is made of posts by bridges
but for the experiment you can just
take the usual fleece wrap a
small bags don't pay directly on the screens you
do you understand
how would I talk about when listed
advantage